no-csp-reports: * true
no-large-media: * true
no-large-media: behind-the-scene false
no-remote-fonts: * true
no-scripting: * true
no-scripting: 192.168.1.138 false
no-scripting: olb.1stsource.com false
no-scripting: www.1stsource.com false
no-scripting: boards.4chan.org false
no-scripting: www.4chan.org false
no-scripting: boards.4channel.org false
no-scripting: onlinebanking.53.com false
no-scripting: www.53.com false
no-scripting: www.aliexpress.com false
no-scripting: www.amazon.com false
no-scripting: purdue.brightspace.com false
no-scripting: mindtap.cengage.com false
no-scripting: www.coinbase.com false
no-scripting: www.cointracker.io false
no-scripting: www.crunchyroll.com false
no-scripting: fafsa.ed.gov false
no-scripting: login.fidelity.com false
no-scripting: fitgirl-repacks.site false
no-scripting: github.com false
no-scripting: hanime.tv false
no-scripting: www.infowars.com false
no-scripting: japaneseasmr.com false
no-scripting: linksyssmartwifi.com false
no-scripting: mega.nz false
no-scripting: myanimelist.net false
no-scripting: www.nicovideo.jp false
no-scripting: outlook.office365.com false
no-scripting: myapps.paychex.com false
no-scripting: piapro.jp false
no-scripting: www.pixiv.net false
no-scripting: www.predictit.org false
no-scripting: robinhood.com false
no-scripting: snapdrop.net false
no-scripting: www.tracfone.com false
no-scripting: weather.com false
no-scripting: my.xfinity.com false
no-scripting: www.youtube.com false
behind-the-scene * * noop
behind-the-scene * 1p-script noop
behind-the-scene * 3p noop
behind-the-scene * 3p-frame noop
behind-the-scene * 3p-script noop
behind-the-scene * image noop
behind-the-scene * inline-script noop
